A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
[Japanese heavy metal music playing]
DESIGN AND PRODUCTION
NETFLIX
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
DIRECTED BY CHIAKI KON
EPISODE 19
[ball bouncing]
Do it.
If you're going to shoot,
aim for my heart.
Mine.
[both] Nice one.
-Keep calling out, Tatsu.
-[grunts]
Yeah, bring it on!
Come at me, bro!
Okay, that's great energy.
But not what we meant.
-[woman] Uh…
-[smashing]
Whacked it! Fuck yeah!
[both] Language!
[woman 1] Not many of our teammates
have shown up lately.
[woman 2] Yeah.
So it's been such a big help
having you practice with us.
Want some honeyed lemon?
Oh, by the way,
the other team that booked the gym today,
they want to have
a practice match with us.
Hmm, housewives volleyball team beef, huh?
I don't think there's a beef,
but we should--
[aggressive rock music plays]
Uh… Um, who are they?
[door opening and closing]
Hello, everyone.
Nice to meet you, we're the Bears.
Oh. Uh, we're going to play you guys?
Well, I started playing to get fit,
but you know, then I just got hooked.
Anyway, we're looking
forward to playing you.
[Tatsu] Whack it!
Show me what you got! [growls]
[woman] Heads up!
[man grunts]
Boss man!
Ethics and obligations spike!
-[grunts]
-Nice!
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-Got it!
[woman] Nice block!
Call 'em out!
[Tatsu grunts]
-[woman laughs]
-[man grunts]
[grunts]
[Tatsu sighs]
[groans] I will take responsibility!
[blues music plays]
[palms slap]
[camera app clicks]
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 20
[Miku] Work finished early today.
CROQUETTES
STEWED AND ROASTED PORK
Mm, smells good.
I've got a craving for croquettes. Hmm?
Come on, tell me.
How'd you get your hands on this stuff?
I ain't no snitch, man.
Are you gonna buy it or what?
Only 100 yen for 100 grams of pork loin?
Mind you,
that there's a tough little critter.
You gotta beat him up good.
Cut the tendon, stuff him in a sack,
and let some protease break him.
[butcher laughs] Excellent.
Gives me goosebumps.
[Tatsu] Then cover him in white powder
and throw the bastard into piping hot oil.
And there you are,
a crispy, juicy pork cutlet.
[butcher] Oh.
[Tatsu] You got off early today, huh?
Yep, left right after my meeting.
Miku, I'm sorry, but…
I've got one more score to settle.
Huh?
UWAI HARDWARE LTD.
[Tatsu] Hey, Pops.
How are you?
Ah, hi, Tatsu.
Need a blade?
Nah. You know what I need.
[Miku] What the…?
DRY CLEANERS
[woman] Hiya, Tatsu.
Blood stains again? Leave it to me.
Not today, boss lady.
-You're back for more?
-[Tatsu] That's right.
[woman] You never learn, do you?
-[Tatsu] Sure don't.
-[Miku whimpers]
AWESOME STAMP RALLY
-[Tatsu chuckles] Well, what do you know?
-Hmm.
I completed the stamp rally. Look at that!
Proud of you.
Okay, so what do you do now
with all of those stamps?
[laughs]
What is it?
It's the fight of a lifetime.
The lucky dip!
First prize is a trip to Hawaii,
second is a 4K TV!
[Miku] Ooh, I'd like the TV.
I'm hoping for the third prize,
the Dayson vacuum cleaner.
[Miku] Ooh!
[Tatsu] This is the last day
for the lucky dip.
Today's my tenth crack
at winning the vacuum cleaner.
Your tenth try?
[Tatsu] Hey, old man!
Sure. You got all the stamps you need?
AWESOME STAMP RALLY
I ain't no cheater.
[bangs]
All or nothing!
[rattling]
-[gasps]
-[rings bell]
Here, the fifth prize. A stuffed animal.
Wow!
This is so cute!
That's just too bad there, young 'un.
-[groans]
-I won.
[both laugh dryly]
You really think you won?
The real first prize
is making my wife smile.
My wife's smile--
All right, enough!
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
[snoring]
EPISODE 21
[Miku] What? You're coming over now? Why?
You're just in the neighborhood?
But it's so sudden.
We don't really have--
I've got this.
[intense suspenseful music playing]
Canelés and Darjeeling tea
for you, ma'am, sir.
Hope it's to your taste.
My, this is so chic, Tatsu.
Secret ingredient's rum.
Tacchan can make anything.
[mother] You mean you made these yourself?
[Tatsu] Yes, ma'am.
[father] Hmm.
I wanted to break the ice, but…
[mother] What a treat!
Sorry about the short notice.
Not at all. You are, of course,
always welcome here anytime.
[mother] This canelé has jam in it.
[Tatsu] Yes, it's my own recipe.
[mother] The jam is homemade too? [laughs]
I want you to give me
some homemaking tips, Tatsu.
-[Miku] None for me, I'm good.
-[mother laughs]
[father] They're having such a good time.
Oh, I know! We could talk about animals.
So, I read that pigs are actually smart.
Pigs. Really?
PIGS = COPS
Can't say I've got
a lot of good memories of pigs.
Hmm.
I see.
[father] I know,
we can talk about hobbies.
I like karaoke, so maybe…
[father] Tatsu, do you like to sing?
Uh, bragging's not my style,
but I ain't never sung once in my life.
SUNG = CONFESS
Uh…
Really?
How about we go
play a little catch, Tatsu?
-[Tatsu] Oh…
-[ruffling]
I always dreamed of having a son.
And that one day, we'd play catch.
[Miku] Aren't you two
a little old for that?
[tender music playing]
[father] When Miku first brought him home,
I fell right on my ass.
Not like I was scared or anything.
I knew we'd get along, no problem.
-[father] Okay, here it comes.
-[Tatsu] Ready!
[panting] Here you go.
[running]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
Well, I think that's enough catch.
Wait. What's wrong? Are you okay?
A game of catch is like…
a father and son heart-to-heart.
It can't just be one-sided.
I see.
I messed up, Dad.
[tender music continues]
You see?
When you play catch,
you can talk about anything you want.
[grunts]
Tatsu!
[crunching]
Dad, are you okay?
[coughs and laughs]
That was a marvelous slider, my boy.
[coughs]
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 22
[chopping]
Huh?
Honey, I'm home.
What… What happened here?
-Tacchan, are you--
-[Tatsu] Don't come any closer.
Got ourselves an infiltrator.
[Miku gasps] What? Who's that?
That bastard's no amateur.
He whacked me from behind,
out of the blue.
He's one tough son of a bitch.
[Miku] Oh, a cockroach.
Ugh!
This place has roaches now?
I don't know where this hit man
came from or who sent him.
But he's got some balls,
thinking he can just waltz in
to the Immortal Dragon's turf.
You won't get away with this,
you son of a bitch!
-[can sprays and hisses emptily]
-[groans]
I'm outta ammo.
-[chittering]
-[gasps]
[whimpers] No, no, no!
No! Don't do it.
-[Policure theme plays]
-Cobalt Police!
[laughs nervously]
Kill me.
You sadist.
[aggressive music plays]
You think you can just mess
with my wife's things like that?
-[roach chittering]
-[gasps]
-[thuds]
-[whimpers]
Tacchan,
tell me this isn't happening.
Miku,
take him out.
You know what you have to do.
But if I do that,
I'll be haunted by the image of you
with a cockroach squished on your chest
for the rest of my life!
I've got to protect what's sacred to me.
[newspaper ruffling]
[screams]
-[Tatsu groans]
-[crashing]
[chittering]
Oops, I missed.
This is war.
-[rustling]
-[grunts]
Aromatic oil.
The bastards hate citrus
or strong herbal fragrances.
When I light this…
Oh! That smells nice.
[inhales deeply]
[both sigh] Relaxing.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 23
-[woman] Thank you for shopping with us!
-[footsteps receding]
[both grunt softly]
Uh.
Ah.
[mysterious music plays]
Oh!
What are you doing
with all that merchandise?
I've got a meeting to crash.
A meeting?
The neighborhood kids' club
Christmas party.
NO. 3 COMMUNITY HALL
Okay, everyone, sit down please.
So Santa Claus has come
all the way from the North Pole
to see you.
Santa? Yeah, right.
Santa Claus?
There's no such thing as Santa Claus.
-Let's call him in on the count of three.
-[children exclaim and laugh]
-[woman] One, two…
-[children] Come here, Santa!
[aggressively] Ho, ho, ho!
Merry Christmas, everyone!
You may not know I was born in Japan.
For those who want to know my story,
I wander far and wide to distribute
to kids all over the world.
First name's Immortal, last name's Claus.
So those who know me
call me Immortal Claus.
Honored to make your acquaintances.
[mystical music plays]
[all gasp]
Now then,
tell me, have you kids
been good this year?
Have you kept to the code?
The code?
[Tatsu] Or have you been misbehaving?
[grumbles]
Yeah, I've been good.
[Tatsu] You ain't trying
to pull one over on me?
Huh?
All right.
I brought the goods, as promised.
[all] Wow!
Horsehair crabs.
[children sigh]
[dainty music plays]
[bag ruffles]
[all laugh and gasp]
[woman] Okay, kids,
everyone say thank you to Santa.
Thanks, Santa. I'll miss you.
-Thank you very much.
-Yeah, thank you.
Merry Christmas.
[kickstand clanks]
[whirring]
[children] That's not a sleigh.
Aw, man.
Ah, you again?
[children] The Way of The Househusband.
EPISODE 24
[gentle music playing]
Tatsu, shall we play some catch?
That wasn't too bad.
Start by facing away.
Let's play some catch.
How 'bout it, kid?
Son, it's time we play ball.
All right, let's go!
Catch time, how 'bout it?
Darling? That's it!
[closing theme music playing]